Memorial info will go here

Memorial/Sympathy Flowers
B’s Garden Treasures							Link to WWPFG

Those we love don’t go away, they walk beside us every day, unseen, unheard, but always near, still loved, still missed and very dear . . . 

B’s Garden Treasures will preserve your loved one's flowers. The flowers will be carefully taken apart, pressed flat – using modern pressing techniques to remove the moisture –  preserved and creatively reconstructed and arranged into framed art which can be displayed in your home and cherished for years to come.  

They can be arranged like the original arrangement or creatively placed around a photograph, invitation, vows or other memento.  You will be involved in all design decisions and will have the opportunity to review and approve the design concept before it is finalized.  

Your special flowers will be vacuum sealed and professionally framed.  Acid-free products and UV-protective glass are used to ensure the lasting quality of your heirloom.


Memorial / Sympathy Flowers Gallery


Full Floral Arrangement
The entire floral arrangement will be pressed and preserved and creatively arranged.  The flowers may be arranged around a photograph of your loved one, verse, poem, funeral card, eulogy, etc. to create a sentimental and unique heirloom. Choice of frames and matting. Unused flowers can be used for additional keepsakes or returned to the family.

Pix1				Pix2				Pix3
Pix4				Pix5				Pix6

Pricing:
8X10” Frame    $150 plus shipping, if required
11x14” Frame   $170 plus shipping, if required
16x20” Frame   $250 plus shipping, if required
Oval or square frames may be quoted upon request.


Select Memorial or Sympathy Flowers
Select flowers from the service are pressed and preserved and then creatively arranged as above.  Choice of frames and matting.

Pix1				Pix2				Pix3
Pix4				Pix5				Pix6

Pricing:
8X10” Frame	    $125 plus shipping, if required
11x14” Frame	$150 plus shipping, if required
Oval or square frames may be quoted upon request.


Keep the flowers as fresh as possible, until you can get them to B’s Garden Treasures.  Put them in a cool place, with their stems in water. Do not put water on the flower petals.  You can place the flowers in the refrigerator but DO NOT FREEZE!  For best results, get them to B’s Garden Treasures within 1-3 days. Please contact B’s Garden Treasures at info@BGTreasures.com BEFORE the wedding so your date will be reserved.  Otherwise, I may not be available to preserve your flowers. 

A non-refundable $100 deposit is required upon receipt of your flowers.  The remainder is due upon shipping or receipt.  

B’s Garden Treasures reserves the right to refuse flowers which are of poor quality.  You will be contacted within 2-4 weeks to discuss your design preferences. The order will be finished and ready for your enjoyment within 6-12 weeks.  
