Memorial info will go here

Memorial/Sympathy Flowers
B’s Garden Treasures							Link to WWPFG

Those we love don’t go away, they walk beside us every day, unseen, unheard, but always near, still loved, still missed and very dear . . . 

Home	   About	    Contact     Gallery     Flowers/Supplies       Shows/Venues      Links     Current Projects

Gallery
- Original Framed Art

- Bridal & Memorial
    - Bridal Flowers
    - Memorial Flowers
    - Other Special Flowers

- Digital Prints

-Other
    - Jewelry
    - Coasters
    - Trivets
	


Memorial / Sympathy Flowers Gallery
The following are samples of memorial and sympathy flowers which have been preserved by B’s Garden Treasures.

Pix1				Pix2				Pix3
Pix4				Pix5				Pix6

I like the look and feel of the following gallery style for pictures and descriptions: http://www.sarahslavendercottage.com/2011/08/pressed-flower-art.html

Link to Care and Delivery of Flowers
Link to Selection of Flowers
Link to How Long Will the Flowers Last Page

Memorial or Sympathy Flowers Pricing
Your entire floral arrangement will be pressed and preserved and creatively arranged.  The flowers may be arranged around a photograph of your loved one, verse, poem, funeral card, eulogy, etc. to create a sentimental and unique heirloom. Choice of frames and matting.

8X10” Frame     $150 plus shipping, if required
11x14” Frame   $170 plus shipping, if required
16x20” Frame   $250 plus shipping, if required
Oval or square frames may be quoted upon request.


Select Memorial or Sympathy Flowers
Select flowers from the service are pressed and preserved and then creatively arranged as above.  Choice of frames and matting.

8X10” Frame	$125 plus shipping, if required
11x14” Frame	$150 plus shipping, if required
Oval or square frames may be quoted upon request.


B’s Garden Treasures reserves the right to refuse flowers which are of poor quality.  You will be contacted within 2-4 weeks to discuss your design preferences. The order will be finished and ready for your enjoyment within 6-12 weeks.  